# Officers-on-the-chessboard

Nowadays we meet a lot of logic games in each of the corners of the online space, which we use with pleasure indifferent from sex and age. Although the young people are using mostly the logic games, also the middle aged and the old people are playing these games with pleasure. For example: chess, mill, backgammon, etc. Many want to develop competitively, but the most of the persons are playing logic games because of pleasure. The main purpose of the logic games is the developing of the intellectual abilities and the useful and valuable use of the free time. 

My purpose is in this work, to create a kind of software, which contains a logic game. The base of this logic game is a chess table. The essence of the game is that from the chess pieces, selected from the gamer, must be put as many as he can on the table without to hit one each other, in the already known steps, which belongs to the figures. The size of the chess table and of the figures which are used on this can be chosen from the user. The using of this software is corresponding also for educative purposes, applying the professor mode, which presents the used correct solutions in informatics, defined from the backtracking mode. 

To create this application I used the programming language C++ and the user surface I have realized in the frame system application Qt. This logic game represents for each a spending of the time pleasantly, who knows the hitting rules of the figures. Continuously, for the students which studies informatics at our university it is an application for the visual developing of the backtracking mode.       
